Structural selectors
No Answer
The whole concept of selectors and how parents and children are formed within the webpage. I get that all things are contained within the body text of a page and that <li> are under <ul> but I don't fully understand how various tags are considered parents or children. 
I just want some practice with relationship selectors, adding fonts and figuring out where different things in the code should go. The chapter kind of holds your hand through that last part but I'd like to be able to understand it myself. I also don't have a strong understanding of what a block is / does. 
No Answer

I'm still a little confused about selectors, but mostly in terms of how they are used while coding and why they are helpful
Box models and selectors
structural selectors they are kind of confusing to me. in general i think that after doing activities everything becomes clear, but i don't know why reading about html/css makes everything looks so hard but then it's actually not as hard as it looks. There are just a lot of abbreviations and other things that I get confused by, but i guess like anything you get used to it. 
Can we go over structural selectors and parents/children in more details? Are parent/child relationships in CSS similar to those relationships in Java?
"I wonder why there is <span> and <span class> ?

Can you go over the selectors?"
Can we discuss the various types of selectors and how to know when to use which one?
No Answer

none
Selectors
No Answer
relationship selectors and why they would be used as opposed to classes!
box model and structural selectors 

Are IDs and <a href="#"> provide the same function, or are they two separate things? 
I would love to learn more about creating color and using different formats to achieve a particular look. 
Can you elaborate on specificity and CDNs?
Could we go over an example of one of the structural selectors in class?
Can we go over the differences between the different structural selectors? 
na
The relationship between parent and children elements 
No Answer
